Transcribed, synced and corrected by a_pylon
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Well?
What's going on out there?
You were right, they've gone nuts.
They all suspect one another,
the alley kids only move in groups,
and Scianel's guys are asking around
to show she's not connected.
Mulatto?
He says Prince and him
were like brothers
and now he wants Dwarf's head.
What does Ciro say?
He's called a meeting.
Sure, that's his priority,
that scum
still believes in democracy.
Democracy can't work,
dogs devour each other
if there's no whip.
Malamore wants to know what to do.
We wait till the poison
gets into their hearts.
We all know who did it.
We can't let someone
kill one of us and not make a move.
Prince forgave him for everything,
but it wasn't enough
for Dwarf.
He's your friend,
but he's gotta pay.
First we see who really did it.
We all know it was Dwarf!
I don't know a fucking thing!
I know Pietro Savastano
vanished, I want to know
if he's sticking to our deal
or siding up with someone.
Ciro, say what you have to!
That's why we're here.
We all know
your Raffaele's getting out,
he's hungry and you want
him to find the table set.
We want to make you both happy,
and you too.
You lost a good friend,
you want justice.
But we have to understand,
we gotta be sure
there's no sly guy behind this.
I take full responsibility.
It's me guaranteeing your appetites,
but this hunger can't put us
at each other's throats.
Dwarf's my business.
If he killed Prince,
I'll make him pay,
but touch him without permission
and I'll make you eat your own hands,
one finger at a time.
Gimme the lighter.
- Why are you going?
- He wants to see me.
- Aren't you scared?
- Of what?
We're brothers.
Your brother let you
be humiliated in front of everyone.
He couldn't do a thing, Teresa.
That's what you want to believe.
You don't know
what you're talking about.
I know what I hear on the streets.
From who?
Everybody.
They all say the same thing,
that it was you.
- Did you kill Prince?
- I didn't do it.
And Ciro knows that.
Scianel held a meeting
with everyone today.
A friend who knows
her daughter-in-law, told me.
It's just women's gossip.
They're plotting
to split your dealing spot.
Your brother's digging your grave.
A grave? My brother?
If I had to choose between him and
you, I'd always choose him.
You're my life, but you can drop dead
if what I say's not true.
They found him outside a warehouse
in Casavatore.
- Why was Gabriele there?
- His animal was there.
He usually went alone?
With Angelino Sepino,
he used to take care of the animal.
I don't know who did it,
but Prince couldn't see evil,
he had no idea.
We find Angelo Sepino, I want him.
That shit knows everything.
Go to his house, find him.
Anyone who stands in the way
ends badly.
Remember when we met?
At Saint Anthony's Day,
20 years ago,
we were kids.
Our gang was super cool!
All our friends are here.
Nicola...
they killed him in 2006.
Doughnut...
what a character!
He fell in love with the wrong woman.
It's just me and you left.
Know what I think?
You killed him because
you were jealous of him and me.
I didn't do it.
You said to trust you and I did.
Rosario,
I don't want
to come visit you in here.
Leave with your daughter and Teresa.
Look me in the face, it's me!
Our allies kiss on the mouth and
shoot one another in the head.
We're the guys from Secondigliano.
Let's break this Alliance.
I won't, not for you or anyone.
- You don't believe I didn't do it?
- You didn't?
Then I have to prove it.
This thing's gone too far,
everyone's poisoned, even me.
If I'm to save your life, leave.
We have to leave.
Okay, we'll go, so what?
We'll go, you and me.
Put this in the car.
What's the matter?
Nothing, I have to go for a few days.
No problem.
But nothing changes here,
it's still all my stuff.
If anyone in the Alliance
fucks around, shoot his eyeballs.
Don't worry.
Put more lookouts around the spot,
they'd better not dare, we rule here.
This is your stuff and ours too,
we'll defend it like our own home.
Good.
I'll call soon to tell you
where to bring the money.
If anything happens to me,
the money's for them.
Look at me, I gotta be sure.
I swear on my life.
Bye.
Take care.
Lazio Coast
See how pretty it is here?
Mommy, when are we going home?
Soon, real soon.
Know what we'll do?
We'll go swimming,
while your classmates study.
Won't the water be cold?
Nah,
let's go!
Come on!
I'm sorry,
I didn't mean those things I said.
People say lots of things
when they argue.
I knew it.
What?
He did it.
He did what?
He killed Debora.
He killed his daughter's mother.
How could I think
he'd hesitate to betray a brother?
Ciro killed Debora?
You knew it?
You helped him?
I'll go shower, then we'll play.
I like being with you.
I like being with you too.
But you don't stay very long.
Dad's got lots to do, you know,
I give you everything you want.
All I have is you, Dad.
I'm always with you,
but it's not true I'm all you have,
you've got lots of friends.
It's me who has just you.
You're right,
we have to be together more.
Go play, I'll be right there.
Pretty.
Want to play a little?
Go ahead!
I'll watch you from here.
Don't get your shoes wet.
Daddy!
Rosario!
- Ciro...
- Come in.
What's wrong?
Rosario's been killed.
- What the fuck? When?
- Two hours ago.
Who did it?
- Who the fuck did it?
- I don't know.
What's wrong, Dad?
Uncle Rosario's been killed.
Turn the neighborhood inside out
and bring me the name
of my brother's killer, go!
So, it's true?
Yeah, he got shot right in front
of his daughter. Ciro's gone berserk.
And now what?
He won't rest
until he finds who did it.
- If it was an Alliance guy?
- The Alliance is broken.
So now they'll all be grabbing
the free dealing spots.
Maybe this means it's our moment.
- For what?
- For war.
Tell Ciro we're collaborating,
he can see for himself.
The one not doing a fuck is Mulatto,
he's the only one of us
with bigger reasons to shoot Dwarf
and avenge his friend. Clear?
Time's come to ask him
a few questions.
Go!
- Good evening.
- Goodbye.
- Mulatto!
- What?
Dwarf's dead.
- Ciro wants to see you.
- I'm right here.
Scianel gave your name.
Tell Ciro the one pointing
is always the one shooting.
Go get the champagne,
we'll have a toast.
My brother Prince has been avenged.
None of our men shot him.
No one from around here,
they acted on orders.
And no one knows who gave the order.
No one,
Scianel and Mulatto
are slinging shit at each other.
It could have been any of us.
Teresa and Simonetta?
They're back,
they're at home with the family.
Go!
I like this color here.
Will you use it?
Let him come in.
I didn't have time
to make peace with him.
I can't forgive myself.
I'll find him...
I know what you did.
I know everything.
You don't know the price
for all of this.
Rosario was the only one
who loved you for what you are.
Now you're left alone
with your conscience.
You and your little girl
have to leave.
You're not safe until I find
whoever killed Rosario.
Leave and keep your mouth shut,
it's best for everyone.
Maria Rita, let's go.
Don't worry.
I was choosing a photo for Rosario.
Do you miss her?
So much,
just as you do.
The lady says Mom can see everything,
what is, what was and what will be.
Is that true?
I think the only thing
she wants to see is you.
I chose this one.
- Good evening, Don Ciro.
- Evening.
- What's the matter?
- I need your services.
At your disposal!
I need a grave for a brother.
No problem.
Right away.
Peppe!
Don Amaturo!
How come at this hour?
A good friend died, I need a grave.
- This one here.
- It's already occupied.
Now and then
they come to pay respects.
There's a restful place down there...
No arguments,
this is my brother's grave.
Get moving.
No problem, Don Ciro.
This one's beautiful.
Do you still need us?
Leave the gate open.
- I want no one around.
- Okay.
Yeah?
I'll be right there.
Wait for me, I have to be there.
C'mon!
Get her off me!
He saved your life
and you got him shot like a dog,
you piece of shit.
Ciro, we have to get out of here.
Call everyone
and take him to the cemetery.
Outta my way.
Please, have pity.
- Shut up.
- Have pity!
They made me do it,
then they wanted to kill me anyway.
They're looking for me.
Your enemies are my enemies.
You took him to see his animal
because they ordered you, huh?
They threatened to kill Susy.
She's expecting a baby.
And my brother?
I don't know anything about Dwarf.
First I'll fuck Susy
then bury her next to you,
so you'll always be together,
you, her and your bastard kid.
I don't know anything.
Who ordered you to betray Prince?
- Please...
- Who?
Please, please...
I'll tell you everything.
Did you know that Prince
was buying stuff from Gennaro,
outside our deal?
That's where all his money came from.
Rosario was right,
he realized and didn't trust him.
Gennaro wanted him to grow and then
turn the tables at the right time.
And Dwarf didn't kill Prince,
Pietro Savastano did,
even knowing
he was in cahoots with his son.
And Pietro Savastano's
behind Dwarf's death too.
Why against his son?
Because he wants to rule alone,
no one else around him,
not even his son.
I see just two roads now...
one where we're all united
and we play this game
against father and son.
The other leads us
to a grave like this, all of us.
We just have to decide.
Get outta there.
I never want to see you again.
If I do,
I'll kill you and your whole family.
- Thank you, Don Ciro.
- Get lost, before I change my mind.
Dad...
Why did you bring me here?
Your mother died here.
I wanted you to know.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org